INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
=========================

This software ships with some utilities allowing a fully automated installation
process. Please read the following instructions carefully before filing a bug
report.


(1) QUICK START

For those familiar with the unix way of installing software, here is a very
quick instruction that should work in most cases:

  ./configure
  make install

Please make sure to run the second line as root (or use sudo to acquire the
corresponding permissions).


(2) CONFIGURATION

As a first step, the configuration script must be run. This will generate the
Makefile needed to perform the actual installation. In its simplest form, the
configuration script may be run without any further arguments:

  ./configure

This will autodetect the most reasonable default settings and generate the
corresponding Makefile. If you want to review the configuration values detected
by the configuration script before actually applying them, call the script in
simulation mode:

  ./configure --simulate

The default configuration may be customized by the following options:

  --group <group>       set group ownership to a custom group (by default,
                        the group with ID 0 is selected automatically)

  --owner <user>        set ownership to a custom user (by default, root is
                        selected automatically)

  --prefix <directory>  set a different prefix for the installation (by default,
                        /usr/local is used as installation prefix)

A comprehensive list of flags and options understood by the configuration
script can be obtained when calling it to print out its help message:

  ./configure --help


(3) INSTALLATION

Once the configuration script has created the corresponding make file,
installation is as easy as running

  make install

This will automatically install all files to the appropriate location on the
file system. Only caveat to watch out for: by default, files are installed to
/usr/local, meaning one has to have write access to this location (usually,
this is a privilege reserved for root).


(4) DEINSTALLATION

As long as you did not delete the generated Makefile, the software can be
deinstalled by running

  make deinstall

This will remove all files previously installed by the make install command
from your system, given you run this with the appropriate privileges.

Please note that this command will NOT delete your custom configuration files.
If you would like getting rid of those, you need to delete them manually.

In case you deleted the generated Makefile, be sure using exactly the same
version of the software and exactly the same arguments for the configuration
script when trying to re-create the Makefile for deinstallation purposes.
Otherwise, running make could severely damage your system by deleting the
wrong files.
