.\" Copyright (c) 2015 daemotron
.\"
.\" Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
.\" of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
.\" deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
.\" rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
.\" sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
.\"
.\" The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
.\" all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
.\"
.\" THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
.\" IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
.\" FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
.\" AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
.\" LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
.\" FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
.\" IN THE SOFTWARE.
.\"
.\" Note: The date here should be updated whenever a non-trivial
.\" change is made to the manual page.
.Dd January 2, 2015
.Dt YAJAM 8
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm yajam
.Nd yet another jail management tool
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl e Ar etcdir
.Op Fl N
.Cm command
.Op Ar options
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm
tool is used to manage FreeBSD jails.
.Sh GLOBAL OPTIONS
.Nm
accepts these global options:
.Bl -tag -width "-f conffile"
.It Fl e Ar etcdir
Path to the directory where yajam will find its configuration data.
See
.Sx FILES
and
.Sx ENVIRONMENT
for more information.
.It Fl N
Disable color support.
.El
.Sh COMMANDS
The first argument to
.Nm
must be a
.Cm command
from the following list:
.Bl -tag -width "-f conffile"
.It init
This command initialises the basic infrastructure (i. e. ZFS dataset etc.)
needed by
.Nm
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
The
.Nm
command may use the following environment variable:
.Bl -tag -width "YAJAM_ETC"
.It Pa YAJAM_ETC
If specified, the path to yajam's config directory.
Defaults to /usr/local/etc.
.El
.Sh FILES
.Bl -tag -width ".Pa YAJAM_ETC/yajam.conf" -compact
.It Pa YAJAM_ETC/yajam.conf
See self-documented
.Ar /usr/local/etc/yajam.conf.sample
for example.
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.Sh EXAMPLES
No examples yet - section still to be filled.
.Sh COMPATIBILITY
Compatibility has been tested with the FreeBSD
.Xr sh 1
command interpreter in FreeBSD 10.
.Sh BUGS
Hopefully none. In case you encounter one, please file a bug
report at
.Pp
.Lk https://github.com/daemotron/yajam/issues
.Sh AUTHOR
.An Jesco ``Daemotron`` Freund Aq mail@daemotron.net
